Updated "Comp-beRi-Conda" section (#18)
datasnakes/beri-isc-proposal: proposal.Rmd

Without further ado, we propose [beRi](https://github.com/datasnakes/beRi), a toolset for managing R installations, R packages, and R environments.
Following the [UNIX philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy), we plan to divide these three goals into three modular packages, namely rinse, rut, and renv, respectively.
These packages will form the basis for beRi, which will leverage their functionality and provide a unified and user-friendly experience for configuring R environments.
Conda is a well-developed and highly popular data science framework for package and environment management.  While it is similar to beRi, there are some key differences that set conda and beRi apart for managing the R language. 

> beRi’s primary goal is to expose a practical, intuitive, and convenient command-line interface for installing packages from CRAN, Bioconductor and other popular repositories such as MRAN, GitHub, and OmegaHat.  [CRAN](https://cran.rstudio.com/web/packages/index.html) alone has a package count of 13,285 with around 6,600 packages being actively maintained/updated within the past year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beRi’s primary goal is to provide a practical, intuitive, and convenient command-line interface for installing packages from CRAN, Bioconductor and other popular repositories such as MRAN, GitHub, and OmegaHat.  [CRAN](https://cran.rstudio.com/web/packages/index.html) alone has a package count of 13,285 with around 6,600 packages being actively maintained or updated within the past year.
```

Conda utilizes the Anaconda Cloud for package management.  At the time of writing, Anaconda [lists](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/packages/r-language-pkg-docs/) 328 R packages available on Anaconda Cloud.  Bioconda is a third party repository for bioinformatics recipes for the Anaconda system.  While there are over 3000 Bioconductor recipes for the Ananconda system, there are only about 1,500 packages available on Bioconductor.

> The main takeaway here is that conda is a huge resource for anyone who needs to run analysis with R, however, beRi can serve as a helpful alternative in cases where direct access to CRAN, Bioconductor, or other parts of the R ecosystem is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main takeaway here is that conda is a useful resource for anyone who performs analyses with R. However, beRi can serve as an equally useful alternative in cases where direct access to CRAN, Bioconductor, or other parts of the R ecosystem is needed.
```
A few grammar edits.
